Updated README.md in setup-python (#472)
actions/setup-python: docs/advanced-usage.md

> # Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Advanced Usage
```

Make this the title of the page.  We could have a separate heading for "Contents," but I don't think it's necessary.

> - [Using python-version input](advanced-usage.md#using-python-version-input)

Reviewer: Left a few suggestions below that will affect the links here

    - [Specifying a Python version](advanced-usage.md#specifying-a-python-version)
    - [Specifying a PyPy version](advanced-usage.md#specifying-a-pypy-version)
    - [Matrix Testing](advanced-usage.md#matrix-testing)
- [Using python-version-file input](advanced-usage.md#using-python-version-file-input)
- [Check latest version](advanced-usage.md#check-latest-version)
- [Caching packages data](advanced-usage.md#caching-packages-data)
- [Environment variables and action's outputs](advanced-usage.md#environment-variables-and-actions-outputs)
- [Available versions of Python and PyPy](advanced-usage.md#available-versions-of-python-and-pypy)
    - [Python](advanced-usage.md#python)
    - [PyPy](advanced-usage.md#pypy)
- [Hosted tool cache](advanced-usage.md#hosted-tool-cache) 
- [Using `setup-python` with a self-hosted runner](advanced-usage.md#using-setup-python-with-a-self-hosted-runner)
    - [Windows](advanced-usage.md#windows)
    - [Linux](advanced-usage.md#linux)
    - [macOS](advanced-usage.md#macos)
- [Using `setup-python` on GHES](advanced-usage.md#using-setup-python-on-ghes)

> # Using python-version input
> 
> ## Specifying a Python version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using python-version input

### Specifying a Python version
```

Lets use `h1` for the title, `h2` for section headings, and so forth

If there is a specific version of Python that you need and you don't want to worry about any potential breaking changes due to patch updates (going from `3.7.5` to `3.7.6` for example), you should specify the **exact major, minor, and patch version** (such as `3.7.5`):

```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version: '3.7.5' 
- run: python my_script.py
```

> - The only downside to this is that set-up will take a little longer since the exact version will have to be downloaded if the exact version is not already installed on the runner due to more recent versions.

Reviewer: Breaking up the run-on sentence:

```suggestion
- The only downside to this is that setup may take a little longer.  If the exact version is not already installed on the runner due to more recent versions, the exact version will have to be downloaded.
```

> - MSI installers are used on Windows for this, so runs will take a little longer to set up vs MacOS and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSI installers are used on Windows for this, so runs will take a little longer to set up vs macOS and Linux.
```

Reviewer: See https://support.apple.com/macos

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    strategy:
      matrix:
        python-version: [ '2.x', '3.x', 'pypy2.7', 'pypy3.7', 'pypy3.8' ]
    name: Python ${{ matrix.python-version }} sample
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Set up Python
        uses: actions/setup-python@v4
        with:
          python-version: ${{ matrix.python-version }}
          architecture: x64
      - run: python my_script.py
```

Exclude a specific Python version:

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ${{ matrix.os }}
    strategy:
      matrix:
        os: [ubuntu-latest, macos-latest, windows-latest]
        python-version: ['2.7', '3.7', '3.8', '3.9', '3.10', 'pypy2.7', 'pypy3.8']
        exclude:
          - os: macos-latest
            python-version: '3.8'
          - os: windows-latest
            python-version: '3.6'
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Set up Python
        uses: actions/setup-python@v4
        with:
          python-version: ${{ matrix.python-version }}
      - name: Display Python version
        run: python --version
```

> # Using python-version-file input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the `python-version-file` input
```

```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version-file: '.python-version' # Read python version from a file .python-version
- run: python my_script.py
```
# Check latest version

The `check-latest` flag defaults to `false`. Use the default or set `check-latest` to `false` if you prefer stability and if you want to ensure a specific `Python or PyPy` version is always used.

If `check-latest` is set to `true`, the action first checks if the cached version is the latest one. If the locally cached version is not the most up-to-date, a `Python or PyPy` version will then be downloaded. Set `check-latest` to `true` if you want the most up-to-date `Python or PyPy` version to always be used.

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v3
  - uses: actions/setup-python@v3
    with:
      python-version: '3.7'
      check-latest: true
  - run: python my_script.py
```
> Setting `check-latest` to `true` has performance implications as downloading `Python or PyPy` versions is slower than using cached versions.

> # Caching packages data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Caching packages
```

  run: pipx install poetry
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version: '3.9'
    cache: 'poetry'
- run: poetry install
- run: poetry run pytest
```

**Using a list of file paths to cache dependencies**
```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version: '3.9'
    cache: 'pipenv'
    cache-dependency-path: |
      server/app/Pipfile.lock
      __test__/app/Pipfile.lock
- name: Install pipenv
  run: curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pypa/pipenv/master/get-pipenv.py | python
- run: pipenv install
```
**Using wildcard patterns to cache dependencies**
```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version: '3.9'
    cache: 'pip'
    cache-dependency-path: '**/requirements-dev.txt'
- run: pip install -r subdirectory/requirements-dev.txt
```

**Using a list of wildcard patterns to cache dependencies**
```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: actions/setup-python@v4
  with:
    python-version: '3.10'
    cache: 'pip'
    cache-dependency-path: |
      **/setup.cfg
      **/requirements*.txt
- run: pip install -e . -r subdirectory/requirements-dev.txt
```

> # Environment variables and action's outputs
> 
> ## Action's outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Outputs and environment variables

## Outputs
```

I would just say "outputs" since it's clear we're talking about the action in this doc

If you're using a non-default tool cache directory be sure that the user starting the runner has write permission to the new tool cache directory. To check the current user and group that the runner belongs type `ls -l` inside the runner's root directory.

The runner can be granted write access to any directory using a few techniques:
- The user starting the runner is the owner, and the owner has write permission.
- The user starting the runner is in the owning group, and the owning group has write permission.
- All users have write permission.
One quick way to grant access is to change the user and group of the non-default tool cache folder to be the same as the runners using `chown`:
`sudo chown runner-user:runner-group /path/to/folder`.

> If your runner is configured as a service and you run into problems, make sure the user that the service is running as is correct. For more information, you can [check the status of your self-hosted runner](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/configuring-the-self-hosted-runner-application-as-a-service#checking-the-status-of-the-service).

> ## MacOS
> 
>  The Python packages for MacOS that are downloaded from `actions/python-versions` are originally compiled from the source in `/Users/runner/hostedtoolcache`. Due to the fixed shared library path, these Python packages are non-relocatable and require to be installed only in `/Users/runner/hostedtoolcache`. Before the use of `setup-python` on the MacOS self-hosted runner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## macOS

 The Python packages for macOS that are downloaded from `actions/python-versions` are originally compiled from the source in `/Users/runner/hostedtoolcache`. Due to the fixed shared library path, these Python packages are non-relocatable and require to be installed only in `/Users/runner/hostedtoolcache`. Before the use of `setup-python` on the MacOS self-hosted runner:
```
